Adding info about stopping/connecting to codespaces (#2638)
ansys/pymapdl: doc/source/getting_started/codespaces.rst

   You can access it again from the PyMAPDL repository, by clicking the green **Code**
   button and then the **Codespaces** tab. You should see a list of your current (active and stopped)
   PyMAPDL Codespace machines, where you can select the one that you want to connect to, stop or delete.

When you have finished to work with the Codespace virtual machine and you want to delete it, you can do it from 
your `personal Codespaces page <codespaces_personal_page_>`_, clicking on the more button (**...**) of
the machine you want to dispose, and then clicking on **Delete**.
Alternatively, you can delete them from the **Codespaces** tab under the **Code** button
in PyMAPDL repository. There you can see the running virtual machines and stop or delete
the one you prefer.

Limitations
===========

* Codespaces does not allow opening windows for plotting. However, you can plot to a file
  and then open it from the **File explorer** tab.

* Rendering HTML pages can be a bit difficult in Codespaces. For that reason,
  :ref:`PyMAPDL-Codespaces-Documentation <ref_codespaces_docs_welcome>` includes some script

>   helpers that start and stop webserver for the built documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
  helpers that start and stop web server for the built documentation.
```
